feat: add retry in provider install (#1255)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

* Allow test run blocks to reference previous run block's module outputs ([#1129](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1129))
* Support the XDG Base Directory Specification ([#1200](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1200))
* Allow referencing the output from a test run in the local variables block of another run (tofu test). ([#1254](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1254))

> * Support for automatic retries for provider installation, specifically targeting transient errors ([$1233](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/1233))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added mechanism to introduce automatic retries for provider installations, specifically targeting transient errors ([$1233](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/1233))
```
